TiKV graduation proposal (#414)
cncf/toc: proposals/graduation/graduation-tikv.md

- **Roadmap with release target**:

  We have roadmap per release, but previously only on TiDB. Now already published on the [TiKV website](https://tikv.org/docs/dev/roadmap/).

- **Performance test results and regression test between releases**

  We have the following tests in-between releases. A test report will be provided before each release. The related doc can be requested if needed.

    - CI tests
      - Unit tests
      - Integration tests
      - Compatibility testing
    - Feature tests
      - Bugfix tests
      - Ansible tests
      - Regression tests
      - About 200+ cases
    - Chaos test (on both the internal chaos engineering platform and Chaos Mesh, the open-sourced Chaos Engineering solution for Kubernetes )
      - 4 functionality tests
      - More than 5 stability tests
      - 2 compatibility test
    - Jepsen tests
      - Performance tests
      - Sysbench five OLTP tests
      - TPC-C
      - TPC-H, covers 22 SQLs
      - YCSB (workloada, workloadb, workloadc, workloadd, workloadf)

- **A TiKV centric toolset and reduce hard external binary dependencies**:

>    Helm chart in practice turned out an unfitting solution for deploying TiKV due to some of its own issues. So we choose operator instead. Currently, TiKV can be easily deployed on Kubernetes via TiDB Operator and monitored by Prometheus, as already has been practised by some of our adoptors like Yidian Zixun. And the community are in the process of supporting a standalone TiKV Operator, which will be available soon.

Author: ```suggestion
 TiKV can be easily deployed on Kubernetes via TiDB Operator and monitored by Prometheus, as already has been practiced by some of our adopters like Yidian Zixun.  
 [Updated on June 8] The community has already provided the [design](https://github.com/tikv/rfcs/pull/53) and the initial implementation of [TiKV operator](https://github.com/tikv/tikv-operator), which is a Kubernetes Operator that aims to automate the deployment, management, and operational tasks of TiKV clusters.
 
 
```
